---
layout: post
title:  "IRT500 Review: Russ Dimauro"
date:   2017-07-26  12:10:00 -0400
author: Russ Dimauro
author_title: Senior Pro Staff
author_image: /assets/images/pro-staff/russ.png
categories: 
    - Reel Review
    - 500 Series
fish: 
    - Bass
locations:
    - Cape Cod, MA
---

The IRT Reels team is dedicated to providing the best American made fishing reels out there! This means constant testing, improvements, and of course, listening to the professionals that are out casting every day. Here is a recent professional review of the [IRT 500 Series Spinning Reel](/spinning-reels/500-series/).

Hello! My name is Russ Dimauro. I am a Senior Pro-Staff angler for [Al Gag Lures](https://www.algagsfishinglures.com/){: target="_blank"}. I became aware of IRT REELS though my friend Kil Song, at [Black Hole U.S.A.](http://www.blackholeusa.com/){: target="_blank"}

I've been using the IRT500 to catch fish everyday for the last week. I've been catching loads of 30+ lb fish. The drag on the IRT500 works well very smooth and I've had it singing on several occasions! This reel is very comfortable to cast, lightweight and has great power. These fish have been caught using 4 oz jigs jigging the bottom with extreme current and it holds up excellent...lots of looks from other anglers and all comments have been positive!

> "This reel packs a punch!"

The IRT500 feels a bit on the small side for canal fishing. With a current of 5 knots, pulling big fish can be a chore, but so far so good. I feel the IRT600 should be a focus for the Cape Cod Canal market. Most popular size for canal 6 and up.

{% include media.html id="/media/ae383d50" data-gallery="irt-500-catches" class="float-left w-25 pr-3" %}
{% include media.html id="/media/330d4c70" data-gallery="irt-500-catches" class="float-left w-25 pr-3" %}
{% include media.html id="/media/a997effc" data-gallery="irt-500-catches" class="float-left w-25 pr-3" %}

